So when operations were wound down at this loss, what happened to the camera after that?
And what happened to you? Where did you move on to?
Oh we went back cargo carrying.
Just general cargo carrying duties?
We left, we left, we left Aberdovey on November the 5th 1945.
So we went up to South Bank in London and I think I left it about the beginning, about the 5th of December.
And I went home to Margate in Kent for a while.
Then I came back to Balfour in Christmas 1945 because I was, well it became my wife, I was gone with her.
So I came back to Balfour Christmas 1944 and 1945.
And then I stayed with my future mother-in-law in the Grand Hotel because she owned the Grand Hotel.
And then about May 1940 I suppose it was, I had a letter from the captain of the camera saying come up to, where the bloody hell was it?
Up North somewhere, can't remember now.
It would be to your advantage Middlesbrough, up to Middlesbrough.
And when I got, what, what, re-signed this and, oh Christ I don't know, I got about a thousand bloody quid.
I said what's this all about? He said although you haven't been here you're still on pay.
So he said now will you come back cooking for us? Oh I couldn't refuse.
So I went back to see the cargo carrying, and they were carrying mostly coal then, till August Bank holiday 1946.
When we were coming down from Blyth with a load of coal to London, the base, and I said oh okay captain I've stopped, stopped with you for three or four months.
And I was now going to give up the sea, so I gave up the sea and came to the Grand Hotel both.
And there I was until, what was it, 1978 or something.